Add initial component implementation (#3)
projectsyn/component-appcat-service-postgresql: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `appcat-service-postgresql`

The namespace in which to deploy this component.

== `charts`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default:: See `class/defaults.yml`

> The default Appcat Service Postgresql Helm chart version to use.

Author: Hmm strange, added your suggestions.

> The default Appcat Service Postgresql Helm chart version to use.

Author: Commited your changes and it still didn't update the code had to manually update in the branch. Now it is ok.

The namespace in which to deploy this component.

== `charts`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default:: See `class/defaults.yml`

> The default Appcat Service Postgresql Helm chart version to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default AppCat Service PostgreSQL Helm chart version to use.
```

Reviewer: That's still not changed?

== `helmValues`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default:: See `class/defaults.yml`

> Values passed to Helm. See https://github.com/appuio/charts/tree/master/appuio

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Values passed to Helm.
See https://github.com/vshn/appcat-service-postgresql/tree/master/charts/provider-postgresql[chart README] for a list of possible parameters.
```
